Hi everyone. My name is Danielle Smalls-Perkins. And my name is Dorris Scott. And we are the
co-founders of Mi-R Community. Today, during this lighting talk, we're going to reflect
a little bit on Mi-R Community this past year and also invite you to join some of the efforts
that we plan to carry out in the next year. I'll first start with the hope for Mi-R. So
the hope for Mi-R is to promote the visibility and leadership of our users from marginalized
races, genders, the LGBTQ community, and the disabled community through community led efforts
that support professional development. Right now, we have slightly under 200 members and
allies within our community Slack from different countries, backgrounds, experiences, and all
flavors of data people, data scientists, data analysts, etc. All these folks are willing
to share their unique perspectives and their love of R. So some of the highlights from
this past year really, first, of course, is just getting the group off the ground and
starting to see people roll in. We started right as the pandemic hit the entire world
and try to garner support and momentum just as the U.S. was going through a racial reckoning
excuse me, a racial reckoning for racial justice. So to see the outpouring of support, Allison
Horst designed logo and graphics for us to see other members join and support each other
and lead new initiatives. That's just been truly special. Another huge highlight of this
past year were the webinars held by our community members. So Dan Ramson led a webinar focused
on some of the new features in the recently updated dplyr and then some of his favorite
functions associated with that library. Also, Shell Karuki provided a webinar focused on
g2plot2 and shared some of her tips and tricks when doing data visualization. We also had
an RStudio instructor certification panel led by Greg Wilson, Shell Karuki, Janina,
Bellini, Sabine, in which they talked about the process to become an RStudio certified
instructor and we've also been having some study sessions every month for those that
are preparing to take the exam to become an RStudio certified instructor. So those are
some of the top highlights. I will now pass it to Doris to share a couple more reflections.
I have a lot of reflections on how our first year went as an organization, but for the
sake of time, I will just share only one reflection. We originally created MyR because we wanted
to create a space in which people who did not see themselves in the data science community
could come together. We hoped that MyR would extend past our ability to adequately support
all of the intersectional backgrounds that are in the community, and indeed it has. We
are so grateful for members of our community who provide their unique perspectives, insights,
knowledge, and skills. Thank you so much for all that you bring to our community. In 2021,
we are working on several endeavors. We don't want to give away our full lineup, so here's
a preview of what's to come. We are currently working on endeavors to ensure that MyR webinars
are accessible to MyR members with disabilities, along with the wider community of R users
with disabilities, and we are working on a Tidy Tuesday event in which we will focus
on best practices to make our visualizations more accessible. In addition, we intend to
have more professional development workshops, such as resume workshops and interview preparedness,
along with a digital security webinar for researchers sharing their work with the public.
So if you identify as an underrepresented R user, then we invite you to join MyR community
as a member, and if you'd like to support the community but don't necessarily identify
as an underrepresented R user, then we would love to have you join as an ally in support
of the members. You can find us on Twitter and YouTube at MyR community, and you can
also visit us at www.myrcommunity.com. Thanks so much for listening to our talk.
Thank you.